We didn't do a lot with maps.  At this point in your studies you ought to be able to pick them up on your own.
They are a useful feature in many modern languages, but Java programmers may not be familiar with them.
A useful reference to maps is at http://blog.golang.org/go-maps-in-action#TOC_7.

Run a go program that does a query of the first names in the junk/people table.
I am interested in the distribution of first (or given) names.
How often does each name happen in the database?  I want to know the frequency of the
male names, the female names, and all of the names together.  I also want you to print
a list of all of the names that appear on both the male and female lists.  There should be 4 lists in your output:

    The frequency of all the first names sorted by the frequency from the most frequent to the least frequent.
    The frequency of the names of females sorted alphabetically by name.
    The frequency of the names of the males sorted alphabetically by name.
    A list of the names that appear on both the male and female lists.  For each name indicate the male and female frequency.
    	Sort the list alphabetically.

The exact design is up to you.  However, you should take into account the number of queries you make to the server.
Queries to the server are expensive.  Make the calls you need, but take reasonable opportunities to minimize the queries calls.

Teams

There are several design decisions to make in this problem.
Those types of decisions often benefit from discussing strategy with others.
You may work on this assignment in groups of two as long as you commit to me that
you will both put equal effort into the project.  If you do this as a team that fact should
be documented at the top of your source code, and you should both submit the code

Overachievers

I have been playing with some of the go charting packages,
such as the one at https://github.com/zieckey/gochart  and https://github.com/vdobler/chart.
Overachievers should install a charting package and produce some output.
If you go this way, upload any charts you produce.